[docs] update indexer framework docs to include streaming changes (#24564)
MystenLabs/sui: docs/content/guides/developer/advanced/custom-indexer/build.mdx

##step Run your indexer

Use the `cargo run` command to run your indexer against Testnet. You can choose from multiple checkpoint data sources (see [Checkpoint Data Sources](/guides/developer/advanced/custom-indexer/indexer-data-integration.mdx#checkpoint-data-sources) for details):

Using remote checkpoint storage:

```sh
$ cargo run -- --remote-store-url https://checkpoints.testnet.sui.io
```

> Using gRPC streaming from a fullnode (with remote store fallback):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using gRPC streaming from a full node (with remote store fallback):
```
